README.md, before:

# Working with ES6 & Node.js: Professional README Generator
The repository of the boot camp week 11 challenge

## Table of contents

- [Working with ES6 \& Node.js: Professional README Generator](#working-with-es6--nodejs-professional-readme-generator)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Author](#author)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Describe the challenge here

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it.

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow


**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```

```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```

```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log("🎉");
};
```

If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/) to learn more.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.**

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.**

### Useful resources

- Markdown
  - [The easiest way to create a README](https://readme.so/editor)
  - [Awesome README](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
  - [Auto-generating Markdown tables of contents](https://alexharv074.github.io/2018/08/28/auto-generating-markdown-tables-of-contents.html) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- Node.js
  - [CommonJS vs. ES modules in Node.js](https://blog.logrocket.com/commonjs-vs-es-modules-node-js/)

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author
  Your Name
- Website - [your name or website url](https://www.your-site.com)
- GitHub - [your GitHub username](https://github.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**

Commit message:

Add landing page screenshot and walkthrough video to README

README.md, after:

# Working with ES6 & Node.js: Professional README Generator
The repository of the boot camp week 11 challenge

## Table of contents

- [Working with ES6 \& Node.js: Professional README Generator](#working-with-es6--nodejs-professional-readme-generator)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
    - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
    - [Links](#links)
  - [My process](#my-process)
    - [Built with](#built-with)
    - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
    - [Continued development](#continued-development)
    - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
  - [Author](#author)
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

When creating an open source project on GitHub, it’s important to have a high-quality README for the app. This should include what the app is for, how to use the app, how to install it, how to report issues, and how to make contributions—this last part increases the likelihood that other developers will contribute to the success of the project. 

You can quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application to generate one. This allows the project creator to devote more time to working on the project.


### The challenge

Your task is to create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer). Review the [Good README Guide](../../01-HTML-Git-CSS/04-Important/Good-README-Guide/README.md) as a reminder of everything that a high-quality, professional README should contain. 

The application will be invoked by using the following command:

```bash
node index.js
```

### Screenshot

[![Landing page](./docs/assets/img/Screenshot%202023-02-21%20at%2013-28-36%20Landing%20page%20README%20Generator.png)](https://technoveltyco.github.io/bootcamp-week11-challenge/)

<video controls width="550">
  <source
    src="./docs/assets/media/walkthrough-readme-generator.mp4"
    type="video/mp4"
  />
  README Generator walkthrough video.
</video>

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/technoveltyco/bootcamp-week11-challenge](https://github.com/technoveltyco/bootcamp-week11-challenge)
- Live Site URL: [https://technoveltyco.github.io/bootcamp-week11-challenge/](https://technoveltyco.github.io/bootcamp-week11-challenge/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow


**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```

```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```

```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log("🎉");
};
```

If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/) to learn more.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.**

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.**

### Useful resources

- Markdown
  - [The easiest way to create a README](https://readme.so/editor)
  - [Awesome README](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
  - [Auto-generating Markdown tables of contents](https://alexharv074.github.io/2018/08/28/auto-generating-markdown-tables-of-contents.html) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- Node.js
  - [CommonJS vs. ES modules in Node.js](https://blog.logrocket.com/commonjs-vs-es-modules-node-js/)

## Author
  Daniel Rodriguez
- GitHub - [Technovelty](https://github.com/technoveltyco)

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**
